# AirBnB-Zillow-Data-Analysis
Problem Statement You are consulting for a real estate company that has a niche in purchasing properties to rent out short-term as part of their business model specifically within New York City. The real estate company has already concluded that two bedroom properties are the most profitable; however, they do not know which zip codes are the best to invest in.

# Data Source
There are 2 data sources from which data is provided.

Zillow data- Median Cost for two-bedroom properties by zipcode.
AirBnB data- Detailed Information about properties listing including location, number of bedrooms, reviews, price, availability of properties, description is provided.

# Objective
The objective of this Data Challenge is to analyze the Airbnb and Zillow datasets for a real estate client, and suggest the most profitable zipcodes in New York city at which 2 bhks can be purchased and rented out on a short term.
What is being addressed:
Quality Check: The real world datasets contains several inconsistencies that will be dealt with.
Data Munging: This section concentrates on linking and making the data homogeneous in terms of units, in a scalable manner.
Visual Data Narration: This sections provides charts and important Business points on most profitable zipcodes.
What's Next: This chunk concentrates on providing further business insights into how the client can achieve greater profits by employing the suggested strategies.


# Data Quality and Processing Key Points:

* select columns of interests in our analysis
* Handling of missing values in the Data and doing necessary imputations.
* Subset the data further as per needs for visualization

# Assumptions
* The investor will pay for the property in cash (i.e. no mortgage/interest rate will need to be accounted for).
* The time value of money discount rate is 0% (i.e. $1 today is worth the same 100 years from now).
* All properties and all square feet within each locale can be assumed to be homogeneous (i.e. a 1000 square foot property in a locale such as Bronx or Manhattan generates twice the revenue and costs twice as much as any other 500 square foot property within that same locale.)
* Occupancy rate of 75% annually
* I am not including cleaning fee in my final year revenue generated by the property because after each use owner of the property has to clean the property and some kind of wear and tear with time.
